---
layout: post
author: "Karim Abdel Hamid"
image: "/images/posts/6.jpg"
title:  "The Grey Wolf"
date:   2019-8-2 02:42:50 +0200
preview: "/images/posts/6_thumb.jpg"
categories: stories
---

*Content Warning:* Violence, sexuality, alcohol, and drugs.

---

As the sun set over the buildings ahead of me, I walked through the gardens of
our campus, back to our apartments just across the road from the college. I
stepped over cobblestone dotted over bright green grass, surrounded by bushes
and flowers. I had a copy of *Politics and Society in the Contemporary Middle
East* under my arm as I walked briskly; my best friend, Moe, hurried beside me.
His arms were waving absurdly as he explored the fascinating book he was
reading, *The Road*, about a man and his son surviving the post-apocalypse. I
was nodding back, enthralled more by the passion with which he spoke than the
book itself.

Five minutes later, we finally reached the apartment building, a massive slab of
grey concrete with square windows, which was mostly being leased to students. As
we approached the ground-floor lobby, I saw a girl with arms folded, leaning
back against the towering wall. I called out to her name, “Sahar!” She quickly
swiveled her head towards me and boomed back “Noor!” As I reached her, I gave
her a big hug and picked her up. She was shorter than me at around a meter sixty
– and so her curly brown hair tickled my face, which was covered with tiny
speckles of paint she must have missed when she washed it. She took a step back
and looked at Moe again, smiling warmly, before giving him a high five, since
she had only known him for a few weeks.

“So, Noor, Moe, what are you two up to!” she asked, a hint of nervousness in her
voice as she looked at Moe, who began talking about all the Physics courses he
had to work on. Sahar began playing with her own hair and biting her dark red
lower lip as her green eyes met Moe’s hazel eyes. Moe’s dark up-swept hair
bounced slightly from its manicured, gelled form as he talked. I looked at him,
listening intently, watching his chiseled, stubble-covered jaw move as he
discussed his recent acceptance into the college football team. He looked at me,
his thick eyebrows questioning whether I was listening. I nodded, smiling. Moe
talked very confidently, and had a very soothing, deep voice. I looked to his
shoulder and noticed he was clutching his backpack straps tightly in his hand. I
looked down further, and realized his foot was tapping nervously. Glancing back
at Sahar, though, it appeared she hadn’t realized. She was too busy staring at
him. She clearly thought he was handsome – like one of the beautiful sunsets she
likes to paint – but then again, so was she. Her right hand lay on her left arm,
pressed against her white tank top, which matched nicely with her light blue
jeans, brown belt, and white sneakers.

After talking a bit more, we all said our goodbyes and headed our separate ways,
as we all had to study for midterms. We all lived in separate floors of the
building, and I went to my own room, set up a bowl of Cheetos and began my work
as I munched through my cheesy treats.

An hour later, I was still staring at a blank document. The blue glow of the
screen filled the otherwise pitch-black room. I had to write about the role of
journalism in the Middle East’s current society for an assignment, yet I
couldn’t focus, and couldn’t write. Frustrated, I slowly pushed myself up from
the desk as the chair rolled across the wooden floor, stretched lazily, and
walked around the room. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted my roommate on
the couch in a dark corner of the room. Ashraf sat there, listening to music,
with arms folded, his thoughts running a million miles a minute. He rested his
foot on his red, chipped, and scratched acoustic guitar, which he carried around
everywhere but hasn’t played in months – I think he mainly liked the look it
gave him and the bragging rights of being a music major. He had been missing
classes for two weeks. I stared at him. He had unkempt black hair and a long
beard and wore nothing but an undershirt and salmon-colored boxers. He stared
back, “What?”

I still stared at him and couldn’t stop myself from smiling.

“What?” he repeated, the smile infecting him as he stated to laugh.

“I’m booored,” I exclaimed loudly.

“Fine, fine, what do you want to do?”

After half an hour, Moe, Sahar, and another friend, Amy, all joined us in our
dorm. We were all sitting around in a circle, laughing, and playing Truth or
Dare as we drank Heineken beer and Butlers gin profusely to let loose after yet
another long week of classes. Alcohol wasn’t allowed in the apartments, but then
again, neither was being *this* loud, and nobody seemed to care all that much
since everyone else was just as loud this time of night.

“Alright, alright, so, Sahar,” Amy yelled, not realizing how loud she was,
“you’re pretty drukk, right? Dr - drunk, I mean drunk.” Sahar nodded in
response.

“Alright, *well*, I want youuuuuu,” she paused and squinted at her as she racked
her brain, “to stand on your head.”

Ashraf and I groaned at the lame dare, but Moe kept silent, drinking his gin. He
hadn’t taken his eyes off Sahar for most of the night.

“What? What!?” Amy defended her dare, and looked at us, before Sahar immediately
performed the handstand in a hurry before someone else can come up with a more
embarrassing dare. Sahar stumbled after a moment of carrying the weight of her
body on her head, and we all chuckled.

Moe shifted his gaze towards the clock, and yelled out, “Oh shit!” He wiped his
mouth and explained, “sorry guys I have to sleep. Got class early tomorrow.”

“Noooo,” we all pleaded, “staaaay.”   I tugged repeatedly at his shirt.  

“Sorry!”

He promptly left, and the room was enveloped in silence for a moment, but I was
up next, and was eager to get the ball rolling again.

“Ashraf,” I ordered, slurring my challenge, “I dare you to walk through the hall
*naked*!” I began chuckling at the thought.  

“Fuck you,” he shouted back, as he pointed right at my face.

“Do it,” we all insisted, as we began chanting to encourage him. “Do it, do it,
do it!”

He reluctantly got up off the fuzzy blue carpet, walked to the door, opened it,
and peeked outside, before looking back at us. Quickly, he started stripping as
we all cheered at his bravado. Obviously, he had still been wearing his t-shirt
and underwear, so he hadn’t had much to take off. He took off his tee revealing
his hairy back, the envy of gorillas everywhere. When the giant took off his
boxers, I looked away because I did *not* want to see that. Ashraf hurried out
the door and ran from one end of the hall to the other on his tip toes, to avoid
making noise, and we staggered up to watch him.

When he came back in, we all gave him a high five after he put his boxers back
on. “I think I’m the clear winner,” Ashraf said calmly in his deep, gravely,
bellowing voice.

 “Definitely, man, after seeing you, we’re all losers,” Sahar joked.

After the laughter subsided, I glanced at Ashraf and scratched my chin. “You
know, I bet I can make *anyone* do *anything*.”

“How do you figure that?” Amy asked, because of course she did. Amy was smart
and looked it too. She had long, straight, raven hair, and carefully threaded
eyebrows which adorned very angular eyes. She studied hard, and was pretty shy,
unlike the rest of us, but she went to school with me and Moe, and we grew
closer and closer as the years went on.

“Well, you make a game out of it. People are so quick to do things to impress
each other, so a game will make anyone want to do anything you dare them to.”

“Bullshit,” Ashraf shouted out as he put his boxers back on. “I just did this
because I wanted to.”

“You wanna bet?”

After we all settled down, we sat at the desk and started thinking up a game
that would get anyone to do anything as we argued about what the rules should
be. Amy took the leading role, rationalizing that we need to ease the readers
into more and more complicated challenges. We all agreed we wanted to come up
with an ironically edgy theme behind it. In the end, we came up with a simple
list of instructions, called the Grey Wolf’s Guide to Liberation, where the more
challenges you completed, the more points you were rewarded. The ultimate goal
was to “liberate” yourself, to be free from your life’s problems.

1.  Skip your classes and quit your jobs. Life is too short to worry about
    Capitalism.

2.  The pack of the wolf must be strong. Cut those who have betrayed you, and
    those who are weak and holding you back, out of your life.

3.  Make love to someone. You are an adult and you must take what you deserve.

4.  Depression and weakness are a plight upon modern man. Get high to avoid
    facing these trivial matters.

5.  You need to be able to survive; a real wolf does not work. You must steal to
    show you can do what it takes to survive.

6.  Wolves are powerful creatures. Fight someone to prove your strength.

7.  Kill yourself, for you are now The Grey Wolf, and life cannot get better

“It’s perfect,” I yelled drunkenly, proud of my incredibly stupid list. We all
laughed and published it to our college’s internal blog as a joke, believing no
one would really take it seriously. Afterwards, we all continued messing around
and eating cold pizza until we blacked out.

The next morning, I woke up, massaging my temples through the pain of my
headache as my hangover dug into my head. I pushed myself out of my bed and got
up. Ashraf was still on the couch, his body contorted into the strangest of
positions. Amy had slept over on the carpet – she was too wasted to go home –
she had only started drinking this semester and so was not used to her limits. I
looked at my alarm as I rubbed my eyes to clear my vision, and quickly realized
I was already twenty minutes late to class. I rushed through getting ready, and
ran out, still in the sweatpants and t-shirt that I slept in. By the time I
reached the Political Science Department, my Arab Studies class had already
finished. I bent over and panted heavily, catching my breath. My professor
pushed past me, glaring into my eyes, disappointed in my absence. I stood
upright and stretched before I realized the hallway was much noisier than usual.

As students walked through the hallways, something seemed markedly different. I
saw two students, one with thick-rimmed glasses, and another with a shirt
wrinkled where he pulled his it out of his pants. They both ran past me, one
carrying a purse, with a girl running after them barefoot with her heels in
hand. Another girl pushed a guy against the locker and punched his side. I
walked further still. In the dark alcove to my left, right by the stairs of the
department, I saw three pairs of students kissing, at least one I recognized to
be cheating. I stopped and stared for a moment, fascinated. They were touching
each other all over, far too much. One girl, whose neck was being kissed, looked
towards the ceiling before shifting her eyes down to me. She pushed her lover
back a bit. “What the *fuck* are you looking at, creep?” She screeched at me,
before she kissed him back.

One student turned and saw me, exclaiming, “Guys, guys! It’s the Grey Wolf!”
Students left and right stopped their punching, thieving, and kissing to start
chanting praise. “Noor, this is fucking awesome!” People left and right were
cheering me on. I had completely forgotten what happened yesterday in my drunken
haze, but now, I smirked. People all around were cheering my name, people I had
respected, people I had wanted to hang out with, people I had wanted to *be*
with, and so many more. Beyond the small crowd around me, I saw more people
sneering at me. Jealousy, it had to be. But all that was in my head was that I
had to see the rest of the group.

 I turned and rushed on to look for Moe. We usually meet by the stairs on the
ground floor between classes. I admired the chaotic state of everything as I sat
down on the steps. This was my moment, the biggest thing I’ve ever done. I never
had great grades like Amy. I was never a great musician like Ashraf. I was never
an artist like Sahar, nor an athlete like Moe. Maybe my parents would be proud
now, I thought to myself jokingly. Politics did indeed seem like my line of
work.

“Boo!”

I jumped, startled, but as I turned around, I saw him. “*MOE!* How are you, my
man,” I fist-bumped him and gave him a hug.

He hugged back, before slowly asking, confused, “What is going *on* today?”

“It’s the apocalypse,” I joked back, arms out wide bombastically. “Come here,” I
pulled him along with me with my arm around his neck. I started explaining the
game to him as we walked to our next class, a Theatre elective we shared.

“That’s insane, dude. I can’t believe you caused all this shit,” he exclaimed,
smirking. I nodded, pleased with the attention I was getting, and the effect
I’ve had on the college. “But how long do you think this is going to last?” Moe
asked.

“Come on! My fifteen minutes of fame just started, and you’re already wondering
when it’s gonna end,” I chuckled, “just enjoy it while it lasts!”

A party was quickly set up for that night, and we all joined. I insisted Moe
come with me. Ever since he got to college, he had become a lot more social, and
loved to party – that’s when he started going by Moe rather than Mohammed. Moe
and I grew up together. We know everything about each other. We’ve been through
fights, heartache, and happiness together. He’s my best friend. And now that
he’s loosening up I don’t want him to get wound back into his safe zone. He’s
the best of us, the smartest, and the kindest. The kind of guy to always have
your back, even when you’re having problems. So I want him to be happy - to
relax. He warned that his GPA would come crashing down, but he was a straight A
student so I convinced him that he could spare an hour or two. At five to
midnight, a hundred students surrounded a bonfire in the middle of the desert.

I carpooled with Moe, Sahar, and Amy, with Amy driving her hand-me-down 2004
grey Toyota 4-seater. The asphalt of the road faded long ago, and we drove on
dirt now. As we approached, still hundreds of meters out, the fire brought light
to all our faces despite the dark, bringing out our inner flame - our inner
life. The red hues bled into thick black smoke which rose into the purple sky.
The Grey Wolf called again.

We got out, surrounded by the mob that flocked to the fire from all directions.
Several students brought drugs of all sorts – hash, joints, and some even had
coke - and I don’t mean the drink. Most students participated. I led my group
through the students that didn’t, all the ones that wanted to be a part of the
party but not of the debauchery, and mostly just chatted as they had their cokes
– yes, the drink. When we finally reached the bonfire, we sat on large pillows
we brought with us. I tried some but failed to get Moe to join in on the fun. He
drank but didn’t want to get into drugs. Besides, he had his mind on other
things. He was looking at his phone’s wallpaper – a picture of him with his
parents, around a decade ago. His relationship with them was always complicated.
He loved them, but they were always paranoid, and wanted him home all the time.
But now, he missed them. He’s missed them every day. When he noticed me staring,
he shut his phone and picked up a piece of *feteer*, a layered pastry covered in
sugar. I looked around again, and this time my eyes landed on Sahar. She was
with Amy, Ashraf, and some other friends but was now staring at Moe.

I leaned over to Moe, and whispered, “hey, Moe? Have you noticed you seem to
have a fan?”

He saw I was looking at Sahar. “Uhm, no I actually didn’t,” Moe mumbled, his
cheeks blushing red.

“Yeah you have. Haven’t you ever considered talking to her about it?”

“I have. But I don’t know. Would we be good together? Would she--”

“You have to try,” I straightened my back, and yelled, “*the grey wolf demands
it!”*

“Shut up!” he chuckled, “alright, alright. I’ll talk to her.”

Moe got up and walked towards her. I leaned back into the cushion, smiling as he
went up to her. As time went on, they talked, and got touchier and touchier over
time. I looked for Amy, but she was preoccupied with taking every joint she
could find. All around me I heard moans and yelling and music. A lot of people
went topless – either due to the flame or the hormones. When that started
happening, a lot of the timid people left. Those that remained passed me by and
praised me for starting this whole thing. I felt accomplished.

            The bell rang, marking the end of the required writing class. Half
the students had not shown up, including Moe and Sahar. I waited for Amy to pick
her books up.

            “Hey, Noor, there was something I wanted to talk to you about.”

            “Yeah of course, what’s up?”

            She put her hair behind her ear. Knowing her, that meant things were
serious.

            “Yesterday when I got back from the party, I came back to the
apartment and my laptop was gone.”

            “Shit, Amy, I’m so sorry - did your roomie take it?”

            “No, hers was gone too. But I did find this.” She lifted a note that
said, “Claimed by the Grey Wolf.”

            “Oh no, that’s not mi- “

            “I know it’s not yours. But my point is that this is getting out of
hand.” She sighed. “Noor, have you noticed how many people are walking around
with black eyes, how many people are crying because they had their stuff stolen
or their hearts broken?”

            “No, I hadn’t really noti-“

            “Of course you haven’t noticed. You’re enjoying this.”

            “I’m not enjoying people being hurt, this is supposed to be fun.”

            Amy turned and stopped me, placing her hand on my chest. “Well,
we’re past fun. We need to end this. Look, Noor, I trusted you when I became
your friend. I trusted you because I know you’re a good guy. And because I know
you’re a good guy I know you didn’t mean any of this. But it’s getting out of
hand. And *you’re* the only one who can fix it, since you started it. So, fix
it.”

            She turned around quickly and headed down the hallway. I stared at
her as she went past. “Amy’s probably just exaggerating,” I told myself. I
looked around. “They’re just jealous.”

            I hurried down the corridor. “Right? Nothing is wrong.” I looked to
my left and saw a girl, crying to her friend over her boyfriend cheating on her.
I’ve known her since Freshman year. Well, not known, but she’s been in my
classes. She seems nice.

            This *is* wrong. I know it. Don’t fool yourself Noor. I’ll… I’ll
make a post about it over the weekend. Just a bit longer.

Come Saturday, I was shifting in my bed. Assignments were getting the best of my
sleep. I was late with two essays – one on gerrymandering and the other a study
on modern political discourse - and my professors were denying my requests for
extensions, no matter how much I pleaded. The week was still filled with revelry
as everyone went through their checklist to be the first Grey Wolf, but no one
completed it yet. Nevertheless though, I was proud. My friends were, too. The
entire school was doing something that we started. Maybe it wasn’t the most
noble of legacies, but it was a legacy, nonetheless.

But there was something else keeping me up. I felt like I had to talk to
someone. I called Moe but got no answer. He always answers. I got up and had
breakfast, and called him again, to no avail. I started to get annoyed, until I
finally decided to go to his apartment downstairs.

I left my room, holding my phone tightly in my hand, turning it over and over as
I headed towards the stairs, I never realized how dark the hallway was. The few
lights that were there were woefully dim. The dark grey-beige limestone tiles
barely contrasted the slightly lighter walls. I took the stairs down and lurched
towards his tall dark-brown door. The lights flickered in the narrow hallway. I
reached for the secret key he kept behind his now-dead plant. The leaves lay
around the cracked, brown stem, with the greyed petals laying around it. I
shifted to unlock the door, which creaked as I pushed it in.

The room was pitch dark. The only thing I could see was the translucent glow of
the red curtains covering the windows. My eyes slowly adjusted to the light. A
figure appeared at the other end of the room, right across from the door. I
began to shake. I dropped the keys and fell to my knees. Oh, God; oh God; oh
God. There he was. A rope dug deep into his neck, red across his throat where
his capillaries burst, tied to the ceiling. His skin was pale, his eyes bulged
out, reddened, his mouth agape. What the fuck did you do, Moe? Why, oh, God,
why? I rushed to grab him, pushed away the stool that was kicked over right next
to him, and lifted his corpse up, hoping there’s a chance he was still alive. I
lifted and lifted as hard as I could before I eventually stop, unable to catch
my breath. My hands clasped his jeans, and I pressed my head against his bare
chest. I hung my head downwards, and noticed the blood dripping down his wrist.
I pause and step back slowly. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw something
written on the wall in the background. I slowly turn to see a message, smeared
in his own blood. “I am the Grey Wolf.”

---

*Author's note:* Special thanks to Dr. Gretchen McCullough, Tamima, and Mariam from my Fiction Writing class who helped me with the original version, and Sara Shalaby who helped me with the final version.

---

[Image Source](https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-wearing-blue-hoodie-near-body-of-water-433142/)